README
======

This is a minimal project template that should build and run out of
the box, that includes automated testing using Google Test. For any
small project, all you need to do is change __src/main.cpp__, and add
any new files (__.cc__ and __.h__) in __src/__. To test these new
files/functions, change the __test_SRCS__ list in
__test/CMakeLists.txt__ (line 14) and add a new file in
__tests/__. See __test/sanity_check.cc__ for an example of writing a
test.

To build your project, do the following:

    ./configure
    make -j12
    ./bin/projectname

__please note that the build will fail if the tests fail__

To change the name of the executable from __projectname__, change the
__PROJECT(..)__ (line 7) target in __CMakeLists.txt__.

 1. Prerequisites
 2. Building
 3. Installing
 4. Contributing

PREREQUISITES
================

This project requires:
  * Cross-platform Make (CMake) v2.6.2+
  * GNU Make or equivalent.
  * GCC or an alternative, reasonably conformant C++ compiler.

BUILDING
========

This project uses the Cross-platform Make (CMake) build system. However, we
have conveniently provided a wrapper configure script and Makefile so that
the typical build invocation of "./configure" followed by "make" will work.
For a list of all possible build targets, use the command "make help".

NOTE: Users of CMake may believe that the top-level Makefile has been
generated by CMake; it hasn't, so please do not delete that file.

INSTALLING
==========

Once the project has been built (see "BUILDING"), execute "sudo make install".

CONTRIBUTING
============

This project has been created with strict following of the Google C++
Style Guide, available at:
http://google-styleguide.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/cppguide.xml. Please
follow the coding style. In some cases (commonly when subclassing
external files) the files may follow a different coding style as
defined by the project. In such cases, follow the style of the file to
maintain consistency.
